Jathursika Velummayilum
Software Engineer
jathukirubajathu@gmail.com 
LinkedIn
Profile
+94 76 005 2687
GitHub
Software Engineer with seven months of hands-on experience in Full Stack development, focusing on building
scalable APIs, implementing authentication systems, and integrating database-driven features. Currently
learning DevOps practices to enhance deployment automation and CI/CD workflows. I look forward to
applying my skills to real-world problems and continuously improving.
Experience
Internship
D PInfotech Private Ltd.
June 2025– Present
• Developing, maintaining, and debugging modules for a .NET-based ERP system,
ensuring seamless integration with existing business workflows.
• Contributing to a PHP-based MVC web application using the CodeIgniter
framework by implementing new features, optimizing performance, and fixing bugs
to improve user experience.
• Developing full-stack web applications using the Laravel framework with Blade
templates and AJAX for responsive, dynamic user experiences.
• Building a Python desktop application for automating routine tasks and stream
lining business processes, enhancing efficiency for internal teams.
• Gaining hands-on experience in full-stack development, debugging techniques, and
best practices in agile teamwork and project management.
Education
Bachelor of Science Honours in Computer Science, University of Jaffna
CGPA: 3.07 (credit 68/120)
Certifications
2021- Present
Certificate of participation: UoJCoders V3.0. University of Jaffna.
30 Days Machine Learning. E-Learning, NoviTech. NT B1ML167
Honours Diploma in Computer Application. Ramanathapuram, India.
Certificate in Student Computer Package. Vethalai, Ramanathapuram, India.
Projects
2024
2024
2016
2011
Transformer-based skin lesion classification
Undergraduate Research Project.
• I am working on Transformer-based skin lession classification, leveraging Vision
Transformers to enhance accuracy in medical image analysis.
• Tools : PyTorch, Google Colab, Python.
E-Commerce Website with responsive Chatbot
• I am currently building an E-Commerce website with a responsive chatbot.
• Tools: React.js, Node.js, Python, Flask, MySQL. Github 
IEEE Computer Society Website
• We developed the IEEE Computer Society website, designing an interactive and
user friendly platform to enhance engagement and accessibility.
2025- Present
2025
2025
• Tools: React.js, Contentful CMS. Github 
2025
• Website: https://jathursi.github.io/Cs-landing-website/
IIS City Campus Website
• I developed and maintaining the IIS City Campus website, ensuring smooth
functionality and an improved user experience.
• Tools: React.js, Firebase, Contentful CMS Github 
• Website: https://jathursi.github.io/IIS City Campus/
Vehicle Management (E-job Card) Website
Undergraduate Team Software Development- Team Lead
• I led the development of a Vehicle Management (e-job card) project, creating a
system to Manage vehicle services, maintenance records, and job cards, improving
operational efficiency.
• Tools: React.js, Node.js, MySQL Github 
Languages
2024
Tamil: Native Language
English: Professional Level
Skills
Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, Java, C#, PHP
Web Development: React.js, Node.js, Next.js, Flutter, .NET, Laravel
Databases: MySQL, MariaDB, MongoDB, Sequelize ORM, Oracle
Tools & IDEs: Adobe Photoshop, Visual Studio, MATLAB, IntelliJ IDEA, Jira
Platforms: Windows, Linux
Attended Conference and Workshop
Google exploreCSR Symposium- CyberShield: Strengthening Digital
Security and Awareness, Department of Computer Science,University of Jaffna
Workshop on Mastering Deep Learning with Hands-On, IEEE Computer
Society Student Branch Chapter, University of Jaffna
Google exploreCSR Summer School on Machine Intelligence (GeSSoMI),
Department of Computer Science, University of Jaffna, in collaboration with the
University of Melbourne
GeSSoMI-2024: Cyber security Bootcamp, IEEE WIE Student Branch Affinity
Group of the University of Jaffna, University of Jaffna
Sri Lanka Student Workshop on Computer Science (SL-SWCS’23),
Department of Computer Science,University of Jaffna
Referees
Oct 2024
Aug 2024
Jun 2024
Jun 2024
Dec 2023
Prof. M. Siyamalan
Professor,
Department of Computer Science,
Faculty of Science,
University of Jaffna.
+94 76 706 4194
siyam@univ.jfn.ac.lk
Mr. A V J Mahesh
Team Lead,
DP Infotech (pvt) ltd,
+94 77 962 0358
Janakama@dpinfotech.lk